paul decherf presents solo
we will also talk a little about stuff
since in a father's show when
even we spoke a little bit
technical is what you could we
present your material a little
so in fact I am a little more
so there totally unfaithful game
I try to be always on the lookout for
everything that comes out to see what
besides for the show I come
to buy a new pedal that has that a
english compressor which is fabulous by
our guitars such first guitar ta
first guitar and after aulas my
first guitar it was a future to hand
a future to my future hamas and the species
copies of 2.2 telecaster years ago
walked a lot
after I had an archtop honor and yann
everything against which I am
very picky
when I use deadlines if we
the used deadlines in the same and more
often the sound that comes in delectable eu
quite the original meaning
so I always put and is in
another speaker but when we go to see
a sound a little more and more you did
so you knew two guitars
signature no then I had made one
first stop at the request of sir
who was called john gold who was at
fender and then there is
michel chavarria from ags who told me
asked if I wanted to make a guitar and
so I did the same to exactly
like with electronics because we
could no longer use fender pickups
where the air stephen quebec so I put
the ends of the microphones the sponsors but
are very very good also excellent
yeah that's the microphone and at the level of
amps how are you at home
it's a good spar I went through
all the amps like everyone but
I'm back to my first amp that
it was a vox ac30 but I was a fan
marvin and beatles
so that yes it's a controller had
no volume button
yes it's his death and in terms of pedal
so you only play with a compressor
no it was just to try
today it was just why this
morning because I 'm very very little of
I have very very little pedal
always a screamer tube like you are at
608 the bones and crowds tornos and a
compressor
after I have the loft pedals or intimate this
that these kinds of pedal but in its
pocket and we can go play with the
buddies it's great for that not actually
I use very beautiful very little pedal
a lot of delay by cons and 2 and of
corus and all like that but for that I
an old an old stereo effect that
is called the nhtsa bind verb he
no longer exists but whenever I
see a sorbet I buy it because
I love this sentence there are all
effects of evil there was everything in y'a
no distortion and all that there are only
chorus the time you had inserted m
in your amp's where her fans